First inauguration of Abraham Lincoln
First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
First inauguration of Bill Clinton
First inauguration of Calvin Coolidge
First inauguration of Carlos P. Garcia
First inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower
First inauguration of Elpidio Quirino
First inauguration of Ferdinand Marcos
First inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt
First inauguration of George W. Bush
First inauguration of George Washington
First inauguration of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo
First inauguration of Grover Cleveland
First inauguration of Harry S. Truman
First inauguration of Jakaya Kikwete
First inauguration of James Madison
First inauguration of James Monroe
First inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson
First inauguration of Manuel Roxas
First inauguration of Richard Nixon
First inauguration of Ronald Reagan
First inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt
First inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant
First inauguration of William McKinley
First inauguration of Woodrow Wilson
Fourth inauguration of Ferdinand Marcos
Fourth inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt
Inauguration of Andrew Johnson
Inauguration of Benjamin Harrison
Inauguration of Chester A. Arthur
Inauguration of Diosdado Macapagal
Inauguration of Fidel V. Ramos
Inauguration of Franklin Pierce
Inauguration of Gerald Ford
Inauguration of Hassan Rouhani
Inauguration of James A. Garfield
Inauguration of James Buchanan
Inauguration of James K. Polk
Inauguration of Jimmy Carter
Inauguration of John F. Kennedy
Inauguration of Joseph Estrada
Inauguration of José P. Laurel
Inauguration of Martin Van Buren
Inauguration of Ramon Magsaysay
Inauguration of Rutherford B. Hayes
Inauguration of Sergio Osmeña
Inauguration of Uhuru Kenyatta
Inauguration of Warren G. Harding
Inauguration of William Howard Taft
Inauguration of Zachary Taylor
Second inauguration of Abraham Lincoln
Second inauguration of Andrew Jackson
Second inauguration of Bill Clinton
Second inauguration of Calvin Coolidge
Second inauguration of Carlos P. Garcia
Second inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower
Second inauguration of Elpidio Quirino
Second inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt
Second inauguration of George W. Bush
Second inauguration of George Washington
Second inauguration of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo
Second inauguration of Harry S. Truman
Second inauguration of James Madison
Second inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson
Second inauguration of Manuel L. Quezon
Second inauguration of Ronald Reagan
Second inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt
Second inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant
Second inauguration of William McKinley
Second inauguration of Woodrow Wilson
Third inauguration of Ferdinand Marcos
Third inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt
